Gossip Girl here.
Your one and only source
into the scandalous lives
of Manhattan's elite.
How's your mom doing?
My dad left her
for another man.
Something about mom
and a neighbor?
Yeah. It's complicated.
Mom's having an affair.
It's easy for me to say it.
It happened one time
and it's over.
Then, why did our daughter
have to go to Hudson
and drag you back here?
I'm sorry I kissed you,
but I did it because
I thought he should know
how it feels to lose you.
- So when can we go public?
- My kids have to know first.
My friend Vanessa,
she moved away to Vermont
last year and now she's back.
You guys just have
everything in common
and, um, I'm just
getting to know him.
This thing between
us...it's over for good.
[Blair]
Nate is a gentleman.
He would never cause a scene.
- 'Where to, Mr. Bass?'
- The airport.
[Gossip Girl]
Where has she been?
Serena.
And who am I?
That's a secret
I'll never tell.
You know you love me.
XOXO.
Gossip Girl.
♪ Santa baby ♪
♪ A '54 convertible too.. ♪
[Gossip Girl]
Hey, Upper East Siders.
It's Christmas in New York
and along with the season
comes the Constance Billard-
St. Jude's bazaar
where the only thing bizarre
are the donated items for sale.
How about
an antique butter churn?
Oh, my gosh, that would
go so well with my loom.
I know what I'm getting you
for Christmas now.
Oh, for when
I move to Siberia?
- Hmm. No.
- Come on.
New York hardly
even gets cold anymore
and it never snows.
Who wants chestnuts
roasted on an open fire
when it feels like Florida?
Okay, global-warming Grinch.
I'm just saying..
...Christmas should be
white and snowy.
I'd even settle
for Manhattan slush.
There you are.
Hey, Vanessa.
What are you doing here?
- Hey.
- Merry Christmas.
This is a copy
of "The New Yorker." Thank you.
But you know
I already have a subscription.
There's something else
in there. A letter.
What does it say, Serena?
"Dear Mr. Humphrey,
we are pleased to advise you
"that we would like
to publish your short story
in our summer fiction issue
featuring 20 under 20."
It's a contest for young,
unknown writers
and I might have--
- Oh, my God!
- Submitted you.
I'm gonna be published...
in "The New Yorker."
That.. Oh. This ca..
This can't be real.
Is..
Is this, is this real?
This is so great.
I haven't even read
one of your stories.
Oh, don't worry, he hasn't
shown them to anyone.
I swiped this one
out of his drawer
on the pretense
of borrowing a stapler.
Slick. You never did return
that stapler by the way.
Let's see. Your story
is called "10-8-05."
What's that date?
Vanessa, thank you.
I don't know how
you did this, but this
is the best present ever.
♪ So hurry down
the chimney tonight ♪
♪ Hurry tonight
Santa baby ♪♪
[cheering and applauding]
I can't believe we
just took a cab for $32.
Well, I can't believe
you were gonna wait
an hour for another subway.
They said another train
was on its way.
Uh, excuse me. Pardon me.
- Oh.
- Rufus, Alison, hello.
- Hi.
Oh, Rufus.
Uh, you remember my friend
Bartholomew Bass?
- Hi. From, uh, Eleanor's?
- Yeah. Hello.
- Eleanor's?
- Oh, this is my wife Alison.
- Hi.
- How do you do?
[chuckles]
Well, it's lovely
to see you both.
Excuse us, please.
[instrumental music]
I guess Lily's targeted
her next billionaire.
Actually I think she's had him
in her sights for a while.
Well, that was awkward.
It wouldn't be
if you let people know
what we were doing together.
I'm just starting
to trust you again.
And the only reason
you didn't trust me last time
was because
of a misunderstanding.
Yes, and to avoid another one,
please understand
that if it doesn't work out
between us again
I'm gonna feel
twice as humiliated.
Not telling people about us
ensures that we don't work out.
Look, when I committed
myself to you, I meant it.
You know I am in love with you.
What are you waiting for?
Blair.
Oh, happy holidays.
Happy holidays,
Ms. Van der Woodsen.
Mr. Bass, I didn't think
that you were still in town.
- I figured that you were--
- With Charles? No.
Sadly, I am stuck
here on business
while he suns himself
at my hotel in Monaco.
I have my staff
keeping an eye on him
and I'll join him
for New Year's.
Oh, right,
I, I, uh, was wondering
why he'd been so quiet..
...and Monaco answers
my question.
- Lovely to see you two. Bye.
- You too.
Bye.
[instrumental music]
Blair, there you are.
I, I can't talk right now,
Serena. I'm late, and I have--
A huge sweet tooth?
They're for my dad and me.
We get them every year.
And he landed
from Paris 27 minutes ago.
Oh, then vite, vite..
I parlewhileyou marche.
Come on, I said vite.
Hey!
Nice holiday spirit, Scrooge!
Oh, gosh. So it's gonna
be a real Waldorf Christmas?
Well, a real
Waldorf Christmas Eve.
Eleanor drew the line
at Christmas Day.
That's only for me,
her and Dorota.
Well, you still have
a couple of days with your dad.
No, it'll be more than
just a couple days.
I'm gonna convince him
to stay in New York.
What about Paris and Roman?
Roman is a phase.
My father belongs here with me.
He only left New York
to ride out the scandal.
Time to come home,
don't you think?
Hey, did you wanna
ask me something?
Yes, a gift idea for Dan?
Now that Vanessa got him
the most thoughtful
Dan-like present ever.
Why don't you just buy him
a new outfit for Cedric
and call it a day?
Thank you for being
totally not helpful at all.
See you tomorrow night.
[Blair]
'Bye.'
[elevator dings]
- Hi.
- Blair-bear!
- Oh!
- Oh, look at you.
Mm, more beautiful than ever.
Uh, sweetheart,
you remember Roman?
Blair.
You are still perfection.
Delicate, yet full with flavor..
...like a macaron.
Imagine my surprise
when the elevator door opened
and out popped both of them.
[Harold]
'Well, I didn't think
you'd mind.'
It's the perfect
opportunity for you two
to get to know
each another better.
Absolutely. It's for you.
Oh, sweetheart, you remembered.
It's, uh, our tradition.
That's for you.
Merci,Blair.
My pleasure.
[instrumental music]
My son, the writer.
Published writer.
Yeah, you got your dream girl
and your story
in "The New Yorker."
Maybe you should just die now.
That's true. I may have peaked.
This one is from the Smiths.
"Season's greetings."
That's very original.
Their name is Smith.
They don't have to be original.
- This one is from, uh, Alex.
- What?
"Alison, meet,
meet me on the 24th--"
No, Dan.
And that's not a Christmas card.
[instrumental music]
Why is he writing to you?
Sending cards to the house?
Asking to see you?
I don't know.
Guys, we're, we're still here.
We can hear you.
Rufus, it's over
with Alex, okay?
I-I-I'm home now with my family.
Good.
[sighs]
Let's all rewind and just
pretend this never happened.
This is not gonna
ruin our Christmas.
[instrumental music]
[indistinct chattering]
I can't believe
you're okay with this.
Who said I am okay with this?
What am I supposed
to do, make a scene?
And then, behave like some
pathetic, scorned wife?
No.
Roman does not even know
how to ice-skate.
Can't you escort him
out of the park
on your way to your meeting?
Maybe drop him at a nail salon?
I cannot bother myself
trying to wrestle
Roman away from you.
I have to mentally prepare.
I am meeting with the CEO
of Victoria's Secret after all.
Victoria's Secret?
Yes, I'm, I'm designing a line
of retro-chic sleepwear--
I'm looking forward
to the samples.
We're all very proud.
In fact, mom, why don't you
tell Roman all about it?
- Oh.
- I'm sure he'd be fascinated.
- It's so good to have you here.
- Well, it's good to be here.
Now, where's the handsome Nate?
Am I gonna see him tonight?
Well, he's in Connecticut
with his mom.
He said he would
try to catch a train
and make it
to the party tonight.
Ah, well.
An Eleanor Waldorf's soiree.
Another New York
institution that I miss.
You know, you don't
have to miss any of it.
Yeah, well.
I wish that I could be
in two places at once, my dear
but impossible, sorry.
You know that chateaunear
Lyon that I told you about?
- Mm-hmm.
- Roman and I bought it.
- You bought that place?
- Yes.
And with Roman?
The house is flooded with light.
The fireplaces are big enough.
I mean, you can walk into them.
The gardens are incroyable.
Uh, pardon me, heh,
I'm taking my niece skating
and I can't seem
to locate the rink.
But it's, it's right over there.
Of course, the throng
of children in mittens
should have tipped
me off. Thank you.
You're welcome.
[instrumental music]
The handsome man
was just flirting with you.
That's absurd.
He was not flirting with me.
Roman, it is going to be
so dull for you
to sit and watch them skate.
Yes, why don't you go
to the petting zoo?
Feed the sheep?
Or why don't I
join you on the rink?
- It looks fun.
- Wonderful.
Yes. Super.
I'll get you skates.
See you there.
Super.
♪ Oh Christmas tree ♪
♪ Oh Christmas tree.. ♪♪
You're not autographing those
and selling them
on eBay, are you?
No, no, no,
I'm just checking out
some of the previous publishees
and I'm-I'm in
great company here.
It's "The New Yorker."
V, how, how can I top this?
I can't, really,
unless I rig the Oscars
for one of your documentaries.
You got in on your own merit.
The only gift I gave you
was to lick a stamp.
And as for me..
...the annual Dan Humphrey
Christmas CD mix
is more than enough.
Alright, yeah.
[squeals]
Hey.
- What's in the bag?
- Perfection.
Look, I know it's not Christmas
yet, but open it, please.
I can't wait.
I'm too excited.
Oh, my.
[chuckles]
[Serena]
'I noticed the other day
that you don't wear a watch'
and then it occurred to me it's
because you don't have a watch
and you're gonna need one to be
punctual for all the meetings
with editors and publishers
now that you're a fancy
and apparently
self-important writer.
You don't like it.
You want the brown band.
No, no, no. I lo.. I love the
band. I love the whole thing.
It's, it's the most amazing
watch I've ever seen.
But I can't accept this.
What? Oh, yes, you can.
Look, it's more
of a gift from me
because I had so much fun
picking it out for you.
- You have to.
- Serena.
I buy a book
for my dad every Christmas.
I think the most
elaborate gift I've ever given
has been a pair
of rubber boots from L.L. Bean.
So then I overdid it?
I think even
your underdoing it..
...would be overdoing it.
Look, um,
let's, let's set some rules.
Maybe some helpful guidelines.
Fine.
Deadline?
Um, tomorrow morning.
Price limit?
Fifty bucks.
Alright. May the best gift win.
- Hey, um..
- Hey.
If it's any help, I can tell you
Dan's favorite used book shop.
Oh, that's okay,
I think I got it.
[upbeat music]
♪ I will let you sing a song ♪
♪ If you.. ♪♪
- Are you Alex?
- Who are you?
Rufus Humphrey.
So unless you want
to be carried out of here
you're gonna stay
the hell away from my wife.
- Calm down now.
- You sent a letter to my wife.
At my house,
where my children live?
Whatever you had
with her is over.
Why don't you sit down?
She told you
to leave her alone.
I'm sorry.
That's not what she told me
a couple days ago.
Excuse me. You..
You spoke to her?
♪ C is for the candy trim ♪
♪ Around the Christmas tree ♪
♪ H is for the happiness.. ♪
[grunting]
You can do it.
Look at all these children.
They're skating around
fearlessly. Come on.
[Roman]
'They've got a much
shorter way to fall.'
Blair, will you help
us here? We need you!
Just a second.
My laces came undone.
♪ S is for the stocking ♪
♪ On the chimney wall ♪♪
[Harold]
'Here we go.'
Ready? Now go to Blair. Okay.
- You can do it!
- Blair!
Come give us a lesson.
[Gossip Girl]
Spotted spinning
at Wollman Rink
The Blair-capades.
All the grace
of Nancy Kerrigan
but packing the punch
of Tonya Harding.
[Harold]
'Pauvre,Roman.'
Ca va?
- Are you alright?
- I'm so clumsy.
My foot got caught
behind the skate.
- Aww.
- Oh.
Here, let me help you.
[instrumental music]
Oh, I cannot believe that
daddy decided to stay with Roman
instead of having tea
at The Carlyle with me.
The ER doctor said
he would make a full recovery.
- Everything is ruined.
- Why would you say that?
You and I had a marvelous time.
Well, I'm sorry, mother,
it's just not the same.
I don't understand how
that French fox stole my father
and your husband,
and always seems to come off
like a-an innocent lamb.
Roman was not always
so innocent, you know?
Really? What's his story?
Well, when I first met him
he was going out
with this model named Freddy.
And Freddy was
a horrible scoundrel.
Roman would actually be
into somebody like that.
Into him? He was, he was
absolutely infatuated with him.
Freddy had him
under some kind of spell.
I was the one
who got him to break out of it
'and turn his life around.'
Don'tmention Freddy
to your father.
- It is a sore subject.
- Okay.
What was Freddy's last name?
Hey, where were you?
I tried to call you,
but your phone was off.
I kept your date
for you with Alex.
He's actually
a pretty cool guy
other than the fact
that he's in love with my wife.
He told me
about your phone call.
[instrumental music]
He...felt that I owed him
an explanation,
and he was right.
And you didn't tell me
that because..
Because there was
nothing to tell.
I told Alex
that I was back with my family..
...and to stop calling.
Would you have come back..
...if Jenny hadn't
shown up to bring you?
If I hadn't,
would Lily be here right now?
I guess by turning our backs
on these other people
we thought
we could fix ourselves.
Maybe other people
aren't the problem.
Maybe we changed.
And at what point do we admit..
...that no matter
how much we want it
or how hard we try..
It's just not working.
I know it's been maybe
ten minutes since I last asked
but are you still sure
you don't wanna talk about it?
Dad said he didn't wanna
ruin Christmas.
That's what I'm trying to do.
Hey, well, just in case
you change your mind..
You're here. I know.
Okay. How about this?
'At least you know it's
something Serena doesn't have.'
A year of cheese for $600?
Are these people kidding?
I could buy a cow for that much
money and make my own cheese.
You just said,
"Make my own cheese."
That's disgusting.
I'm never gonna find
this gift for Serena.
Yeah, and your gift needs
to be especially good this year
to make up for the rest
of her Christmas.
- What do you mean?
- 'She's living in a hotel.'
You know, how homey can it be?
'It's not exactly festive.'
'Eric told me
they don't even allow trees.'
[Chuck on answering machine]
'Leave a message,
and I might listen to it.'
[scoffs]
Chuck, you are not
answering my calls
to torture me, I am sure
but please, for the love of God
do not tell anybody
about us, okay?
Please? Please.
Hey. You told me
to come right away.
- Is everything alright?
- Yeah.
Why aren't you with your dad?
Uh, I need your login
for your agency's site
from your modeling days.
My modeling days. I did one
print ad for Gap when I was 12.
What, are you holding
an open call or something?
I have one
specific look in mind.
Ugh, okay, well, I don't know
if it'll still
even be in here
but...well, look at that.
Addresses and phone numbers.
Perfect.
You know, I called you an hour
ago. B-T-W you're late.
Um, you're lucky
I'm even here at all.
It's Christmas Eve, and I still
haven't found a gift for Dan.
Now all the stores are closing,
and I'm totally screwed.
Do you have any idea
what you can buy
for under $50 these days?
I don't know,
um, a single entree
at a mid-price restaurant.
'Three-quarters
of a DVD box set.'
Maybe a pair
of Wolford stockings.
Oh, stockings.
Yes, great idea for Dan.
Blair, please, this is serious.
I don't know, why don't you
buy him a gold money clip
from Cartier, say it's 49.99.
He won't know the difference.
What are you doing anyway?
[phone rings]
I'm booking me a model.
[ringing continues]
♪ Deck the halls
with boughs of holly ♪
♪ Fa la la la ♪
♪ La la la.. ♪♪
Hey.
I come to you hat in hand,
tail between my legs
and off my high horse.
I spent the entire day searching
for the perfect gift for Dan.
Now, all the stores are closing,
Christmas day is looming
and, um...I need your help.
I could take
this opportunity to gloat
but I actually like you.
'So let's get down to business.'
'What do you have so far?'
Um, I found a first edition
J.L. Hall book.
Original Italian poster
of "The 400 Blows"
and a Montblanc fountain pen.
All very thoughtful.
And all exceed $50.
Right.
Well, Dan's not really
that into things.
Which makes shopping
for him kind of hopeless.
The only thing he wants
for Christmas is snow.
It's not like
I can give him that.
You sure?
[instrumental music]
[Eleanor]
'Happy holidays.'
Oh, welcome. Welcome.
Muah. Muah. Muah.
Oh, I don't know
if you've noticed
we're doing things a little
untraditional this year.
I don't know if you've heard.
I'm designing a line of lingerie
for Victoria's Secret.
I walked into the store, and I
fell in love with this tree.
Isn't that lipstick clever? Hmm?
Good. Have some eggnog.
- Hello?
- 'Hey, it's me.'
So, uh, running into
each other at the school fair
kind of awkward.
I suppose so, especially after
our last phone call.
Rufus, we really
shouldn't be speaking.
No, I know.
But if there's something
you wanna say..
...you should go ahead
and say it.
Is there something
you want me to say?
Rufus..
...why are you calling?
Oh, I..
...just wanted to say
Merry Christmas.
Hope you have a good holiday.
Yes, well..
I'm, um, flying
to Anguilla with Bart tonight
so I'm expecting it
to be a-a great holiday.
One for the ages, in fact.
'Goodnight, Rufus. Goodbye.'
Anguilla.
What is the matter with me?
Bye-bye.
[laughing]
I don't think so.
Oh.
Oh. Excuse me.
What are you doing here?
Well, I was hoping
to see you again.
I thought it great good fortune
that Roman tracked me down
at the skating rink
and extended an invitation.
Oh, well.
En-enjoy t-the party.
How dare you invite
a strange man into my home?
Jack came?
Go talk to him.
Bring vodka.
Roman..
[whispering]
You practically picked him up
off the street.
And then I googled him.
His name is Jack Roth.
He owns a prominent hedge fund
with offices in London
and Barcelona.
And he finds you
very attractive.
Well, that's no excuse
and-and-and I am doing
just fine
without your romantic help.
- Are you?
- Mm-hmm.
Eleanor, we've been friends
for a long time
since before Marc Jacobs
went into rehab.
Friends don't steal
other friends' husbands.
Is Nate there?
Oh. A few hours ago?
A Chuck Bass didn't call
for him, did he?
Uh, never mind.
Did Nate say where he was going?
No, no. Don't, don't disturb
Mrs. Archibald.
Um, I'm sure he's
on his way here now.
Alright. Thank you.
Dorota's gonna kill you if you
get glue on that comforter.
Sorry we've turned your room
into an art studio, B
but the clock is ticking.
I'm done.
Wow.
Oh, my gosh.
Wow. That, that's amazing.
Thank you so much, Vanessa.
This is gonna be...incredible.
Good. I'm glad I could help.
I think he'll really love it.
Vanessa, I think I'd like to
help with this little project.
Would you come and help me find
another pair of scissors?
It's so nice what you're doing
for your friend Dan.
Helping his girlfriend
make his Christmas present.
'Serena is so grateful'
because she likes to see
the best in people.
I like to see the truth.
Yeah? And what's that?
I think you like Dan
a little too much.
Just thought I should let you
know someone's watching.
Merry Christmas.
I'm taking off.
Call me when you're done?
Okay. Where you going?
I'm gonna go check on my daddy.
I thought you were gonna help.
I think my work's done here.
Oh, hello.
- Hi.
- Goodbye.
When you two are done
hiding up here
I'm taking you both
out for dessert.
I can't, mom. I'm busy.
But this is important
for our family.
It'll just be the three of us.
Mom, anytime you say,
"It'll just be the three of us"
it means you're dating
someone new.
Whoever it is, I don't care.
I'll just meet him
at the wedding.
Fine. Fine.
Then I will just tell you
who it is
because you're gonna be seeing
him around from now on.
It's Bart Bass.
- Bart Bass?
Mom, you cannot date Bart Bass.
You just said a moment ago
you didn't care who it was.
That was before I knew
who it was.
He only has
one facial expression.
- He scares me.
- And he raised Chuck.
- That scares me.
- Oh.
Serena, as usual,
you're being overly dramatic.
I'm not marrying Bart.
'This is very casual..'
...and regardless,
I'm not asking your permission.
You know,
when I suggested this plan
I didn't know that
it would entail a robbery.
Hey, hey, hey.
I left a donation.
So it was more of a rescue
than a robbery.
You know, those abandoned trees
in that lot
were just gonna be kindling
the day after Christmas
and this tree that we have here
is gonna be loved and admired.
Oh, yeah. You have a real talent
for spin, my brother. Okay.
I wish I had more talent
for heavy lifting.
Yeah, well, what you're doing
for Serena is really romantic.
I wonder what mom and dad
are getting each other
for Christmas.
I thought that if I got them
under the same roof
that things would go back
to the way they were.
They haven't, have they?
I think
there's a real possibility
that they might split up.
If I hadn't..
...brought her back though
we could've just kept pretending
that she's just in Hudson,
doing her art.
[instrumental music]
You did the right thing, Jen.
Really, you did,
'cause whatever happens now..
...at least, uh, we're not
living a fantasy, you know?
[piano music]
Wonderful party, Eleanor.
So you...ice skate?
Well, occasionally,
with my niece
but she's much more talented
than I am.
Well, I haven't...skated
since...ages
but I used to love it
when I was a girl.
You must have been very
beautiful out there on the ice.
[elevator dings]
[instrumental music]
Excuse me. Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
[chuckling]
Excuse me.
Freddy, what on earth
are you doing here?
- Oh, Roman invited me.
- 'What?'
Freddy, what..
What are you doing here?
He said that you invited him.
What?
[phone beeping]
Freddy.
Roman, explain this.
- I can't.
- It's so true.
How does one explain
the indescribable pull to..
...see an old lover, to feel
that jolt of electricity?
So you couldn't last two days
in town without contacting him?
I can't believe you'd trust
appearances and not me.
Harold, dear, I..
Roman did not invite Freddy.
I think Blair did.
Blair?
Freddy, if you want
to be the featured model
in my spring catalog,
you'd better tell us the truth.
She might have offered
to buy me a cruise..
Oh.
...and renew my gym membership.
Well, you might
as well take that cruise
because you'll be featured
in my catalog
when Hell freezes over.
Now, please, get out.
Thanks for the champagne.
Merry Christmas.
[Gossip Girl]
Looks like daddy's little girl
isn't sugar and spice
and everything nice after all.
I wish you would just slow down
for a second and let her be.
Well, I just can't believe
that Blair would do
something so cruel
and to Roman
who's only ever been
completely kind to her.
It isn't Roman Blair's lashing
out at, it's you.
She was so looking forward
to spending time with you alone
and then you show up
at our doorstep with your lover
without a word of warning.
How did you expect her to react?
Well, I hoped that once we were
together it would all work out.
[scoffs]
I suppose
that was pretty naive.
Blair learned scheming
from her mother
and unrealistic dreaming
from her father.
She tries really hard
to act all grown-up
but don't you be fooled.
She's still a little girl..
...who needs her daddy.
[Dan grunts]
Okay, stop, stop, stop.
Ow.
Okay. What now?
Now, you go in there,
you distract Dexter
the humorless concierge
while I try
and sneak this into an elevator.
Alright, um, who's gonna
turn you into Hercules?
You can't carry
this thing by yourself.
I didn't, I did not say
the plan was foolproof.
Yeah.
Hey, Ms. Van der Woods,
uh, Lily. Hi.
- Dan. Jenny.
- 'Hi.'
- Tree.
- Yeah, um..
They don't allow
Christmas trees inside
which is why we're out here.
Which is why Dan's
about to ask you for a favor.
Ah, does it involve
distracting Dexter
and sneaking into the elevator?
- Why? Would that work?
- No. Never.
He has the eyes of a hawk
and he takes his job
very seriously.
So I've noticed.
But Bobby
at the service entrance..
...I think he could be bought.
Come.
I just sent him a text,
and Dan's on his way.
[squeals]
Thank you so much.
It's really no problem
and since there are no problems
I should go.
Oh, no, no, no.
Stay, please.
You don't need me. We talked
about how to turn everything on.
No, I know I can do it, but I
just want you to see Dan's face.
- I've really gotta get going.
- Okay.
Well, I'll tell him
how much you did.
Please don't.
It's your present.
Just...enjoy your night.
[instrumental music]
[cell phone beeps]
[Nate on voicemail]
'Hey, this is Nate.
I can't come to the ph..'
[knock on door]
May I come in?
Our flight leaves
in a few hours.
I wanted to say goodbye.
[sighs]
Please forgive me, Blair.
I should have told you
that I was bringing Roman.
I knew that having him here
would be hard for you
but I love you so much
and I love Roman
and I was hoping that
if we were all thrown together
that...something...perfect
would happen
and that you would
love him too.
I was gonna convince you
to move back to New York..
...but you bought a vineyard..
...in France with Roman.
What's next,
a commitment ceremony?
Great.
There's no room in your life
for me anymore.
Sweetheart,
there is always room for you.
No matter where I am,
no matter who I'm with.
I, uh..
...this is part
of your Christmas gift.
[Band Of Horses singing
"The General Specific"]
[Blair]
'Your house in France.'
♪ If your trials end ♪
It's very nice, daddy.
I'm sure you and Roman
will totally enjoy it.
And so will you..
...because this...is your room.
♪ I hardly believed it at all ♪
It's beautiful.
[Harold]
'We're having it decorated
just for you.'
[chuckling]
A cat.
A cat named Cat..
...like in your favorite movie.
It was Roman's idea.
♪ Plants and animals ♪
So, Merry Christmas, sweetheart.
We're hoping that you'll spend
the whole summer with us.
♪ ...was coming on ♪
♪ Only for ♪
♪ You ♪
♪ And me ♪
Merry Christmas.
[chuckling]
Do you like it?
Do you think it's cheesy?
[Serena chuckles]
No.
No, no, it's, it's incredible.
How did you do this?
Well, I had help
from my elves.
♪ Hungry necks that I know ♪
♪ And running a blender
in a lightning storm ♪
♪ Disguised
as a blessing I'm sure ♪
Your present is waiting
for you at home but, um..
...I did bring
a little pre-present for you.
♪ Knowing up here ♪
♪ There comes a fork
in the road ♪
♪ Pants have gotta go ♪
Wait, this is your story.
Yeah, it's the original.
It's right out
of the spiral notebook.
I'm kinda scared to read it.
What happened
on October 8, 2005?
Um, well,
I was...accidentally invited
to a birthday party
where I met a girl.
She only spoke
two sentences to me..
...but I've never forgotten her.
Wait, your story's about me?
♪ Gonna wash my bones ♪
♪ In the Atlantic sho-o-ore ♪
♪ Only for ♪
♪ You and me ♪♪
[music continues]
Are we really gonna do this?
Yes.
[instrumental music]
The arts and crafts
were impressive
but how did you manage
the real snow?
[chuckles]
I'm well connected.
[laughs]
This is, without question,
the best Christmas ever.
Ever in the history
of Christmas.
I hate to break the spell
but, uh..
...we better get home
before our families wake up.
- Eleanor
- Hmm?
You are a marvel.
Oh..
[whispering]
Who knew there were men like you
wandering
around Central Park, lost?
Oh.
Eleanor, good morning.
'And, Jack, nice to see you.'
- Good morning.
- Yes, wonderful.
[Harold]
'The flights were all canceled
because of the weather.'
I wanted to tell Blair
in person.
Do not worry. We-we have
a room at The Pierre.
No, it's nonsense.
You, you'll stay with us.
Thank you.
- So call me later?
- Oh, yes.
I'll be spending Christmas
with my...family.
Bye.
What's going on?
We're back for Christmas.
Well, Roman,
you are in for a treat
because a Waldorf Christmas
is like no other.
[chuckling]
Come on, you.
Oh.
[instrumental music]
Whew. Merry Christmas, dad.
You're up early.
And you're getting in
awfully late.
Oh, yeah.
Well, I left you a message.
Saying the tree shenanigans
were taking all night
but I didn't think
you meant literally all night.
Oh. Yeah, uh, yeah, the tree.
It was a big production.
Uh, luckily, Serena's mom was
there to help with the plan.
Lily was there?
I thought you mentioned
she was out of the country.
No. No, they're here.
They're gonna go see
"The Nutcracker" tomorrow.
[Jenny]
'Do I smell
chocolate chip waffles?'
[Rufus]
'With hot caramel sauce.'
Your father's
Christmas specialty
Dan, pass the chocolate chips.
- Good morning.
- Morning.
After breakfast and presents
I need to go to the gallery..
...to take care of some stuff.
On Christmas morning?
Well, yeah, you know,
art never sleeps.
But you know what? The three
of us could hang out together.
It'll be...great.
We'll drink hot cocoa
and watch a movie
and then when your dad comes
back, we can all go for a walk.
[The Weepies singing
"All That I Want"]
[bells jingling]
[Gossip Girl]
Hear those silver bells?
It's Christmas time
in the city.
Some families actually do make
the yuletide gay
managing to leave
their troubles far away..
Mom. Oh, it's beautiful.
Thank you. Thank you.
You look like
a brunette Catherine Deneuve.
- Quelle magnifique.
- 'It's so gorgeous.'
Merry Christmas, Dorota.
So we can text.
- Do you like it?
- Thank you, Miss Blair.
[Gossip Girl]
Other families have
a merry little Christmas
even when their troubles
aren't so far away.
So what did dad have to do
at the gallery exactly?
Uh, paperwork I-I think.
♪ Carols 'cross the water ♪
You're going back to Hudson,
aren't you?
♪ All that I want ♪
Yeah.
But, hey, we are gonna be okay.
Come here.
♪ Above the rooftops ♪
We know.
It's alright.
♪ ...it's golden spoon ♪
♪ I wait on clip-clops ♪
Some presents might end up
getting returned..
I know how you like Florida.
Yeah. Wow.
Uh, number one fan.
[laughing]
You know, I'm-I'm sorry
I didn't get anything for you
Mr. Bass, but, uh, I didn't know
you'd be coming for Christmas.
Ah, no worries, Eric.
Please, call me Bart.
But some gifts...are for keeps.
- For you.
- Thank you.
Eric, Serena..
...I just want you
to know that I have
deep feelings for your mother.
[cell phone ringing]
Mom, your phone.
Uh, Lily, you're not gonna want
to interrupt this moment.
♪ All that I want.. ♪
Other presents come
when you least expect them.
♪ The world grows older ♪
Hey, Lil.
You know everything's closed
on Christmas?
Diners that claim
to be open 24/7.
It's false advertising.
♪ All that I want ♪
And everyone knows
the biggest present
comes in the smallest box.
So, uh, Alison's leaving.
She's spending time alone
with the kids.
And I seem to have walked
all the way from Brooklyn
to your doorstep..
...without a jacket,
in the snow.
So what the hell?
I miss you..
...and I have been missing you
for a while.
♪ All that I want.. ♪♪
Lily..
...would you do me the honor
of being my wife?
[phone beeps]
- Fromage!
- Cheese!
Ah, perfect.
Then there are those boxes
you wish
you had never opened.
[Eleanor]
'Oh, I like the p..'
Have a holly jolly Christmas.
XOXO
Gossip Girl.
[camera clicks]
[instrumental music]